a successful start experienced the
messe stuttgart on this weekend the
motorsport enthusiastic spectators came
on the fairgrounds at the airport around the
premiere of the first raid array
witness
at around 70,000 square meters had become
over two days everybody gathered this
racing is an offer
especially the runners of the
historic racing vehicles and collectors
cars were in the interest of the public
is the little motorsport fans was
especially a kartbahn and a bobbycar
built for the minis
the diverse family offer found
great appeal
one of the highlights was the run
the international meets series ads the
meets track on the stuttgarter
Fairgrounds had all the requirements in
terms of precision and
presentation possibilities exceeded
extraordinary race car famous
motorcycles the golden times of
to run solitude and come alive
let fascinated
is the next schedule betrayed roche it
the eleventh and twelfth of july 2015